Add IOG contracts (#290)
runtimeverification/plutus-core-semantics: IOG-contracts/stablecoin/README.md

# Stablecoin contract

## Introduction

> This contract implements MiniDJED stable coin as described [here](https://iohk.io/en/research/library/papers/djed-a-formally-verified-crypto-backed-pegged-algorithmic-stablecoin/). It's   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This contract implements the MiniDJED stablecoin, as described [here](https://iohk.io/en/research/library/papers/djed-a-formally-verified-crypto-backed-pegged-algorithmic-stablecoin/). It is   
```

> part of `plutus-use-cases` in `plutus-apps` [repo](https://github.com/input-output-hk/plutus-apps). (Just for completeness, there exists a prototype for DJED in Scala [here](https://github.com/input-output-hk/djed-stablecoin-prototype).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
part of `plutus-use-cases` in `plutus-apps` [repo](https://github.com/input-output-hk/plutus-apps) (for completeness, there exists a prototype for DJED in Scala [here](https://github.com/input-output-hk/djed-stablecoin-prototype)).
```

## How to generate Stablecoin policy UPLC scripts

> 1. Follow instructions at issue [#285](https://github.com/runtimeverification/plutus-core-semantics/issues/285) to get `nix`, `plutus` and `plutus-apps` up and running in your system, if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow instructions in issue [#285](https://github.com/runtimeverification/plutus-core-semantics/issues/285) to get `nix`, `plutus` and `plutus-apps` up and running in your system, if necessary.
```

> 2. Change to `plutus-semantics/stablecoin/stablecoin`.

Reviewer 2: this should be `plutus-semantics/IOG-contracts/stablecoin/stablecoin`

3. Run `cabal build`.
4. Run `cabal run stablecoin-scripts out_scripts scripts`. There will be 11 files in `out_scripts`.
   Ten flat format files, `stablecoinPolicy.uplc`, and `stablecoinPolicy.pir`.
5. Run the following command.
   ```shell
   cat out_scripts/stablecoinPolicy.uplc | sed 's/_[0-9]\+//g' > out_scripts/stablecoinPolicy.uplc.noindices
   ```

>    This will generate file `out_scripts/stablecoinPolicy.uplc.noindices`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This will generate the `out_scripts/stablecoinPolicy.uplc.noindices` file,
```
